40
If you have an idea to make Dibrova better, use the IDEA command to suggest it.
You get experience from sacrificing corpses.  HELP SAC will tell you more.
"Mob" stands for "Mobile". A mobile is a character in the game that's not a player.
The CONSIDER (CON for short) command tells you your chances of winning a fight.
There are newbie zones available by typing NEWBIE in your original loadroom.
To disable these tips, just type TIPS.
Use the SCAN command to check your surrounding rooms for mobs and players.
Multiplay is not allowed on Dibrova. One player per ip, please.
The TOGGLE command will show you your currently enabled toggle settings.
If you see a typo, use the TYPO command to report it.
The first ten levels are generally easy. Stay with the newbie zones.
You will automatically gain a level after gaining the required experience.
If you use the QUIT command, you will lose all your equipment.  To save your stuff, find an inn and RENT.
New players with money problems can find help at the blood bank in Jareth.
The SCORE command give you lots of helpful information about your character.
Type WHO to see a list of players.
To disable these tips, just type TIPS.
Dibrova has a web site at http:////www.dibrova.org
You won't heal as quickly if you are hungry or thirsty.
Don't tell other players your password.  You will be responsible for their actions.
Jareth has a casino off of the boardwalk.
You can recall for free through level 10.
You will be able to rent for FREE until you reach level 5.
Type MOTD to see the Message Of The Day.
You will receive a Grid Token at every level. Use it to enter the Grid via the Grid Master north of the Temple.
Type SOCIAL to see a list of available socials.  Socials are basically predefined EMOTE's.
You can usually issue a command by only entering the first few letters.
If you are knocked down in a fight, stand up quick!  You can't hit or defend well in that position.
Type SCORE to see a summary of your stats, experience and more.
Use the WIMPY command to have your character automatically flee when losing a fight.
The COMPARE command helps you decide what equipment is best.  Use scrolls of Identify for the most complete information, though.
HELP is available for lots of topics.  Just type HELP followed by a topic.
Type INVENTORY (or just "I" for short) get see a list of things you are carrying.
Type EQUIPMENT (or "EQ" for short) to see what gear you are using.
Aliases are your friends - Type HELP ALIAS for more information.
Dibrova has rules.  Type POLICY to see them.  We think they are reasonable and we will expect you to follow them.
You can see a complete listing of commands by typing COMMANDS.
To disable these tips, just type TIPS.
To use a potion, use the QUAFF command.
To use a scroll, RECITE it.
