The following are the procedures and policies regarding player and / or
immortal transgressions within the game. Please follow these policies
as they are written - if any interpretation is needed, please ask an
IMP, do not attempt to make your own interpretations.


First and foremost, whenever a player is punished please post their
offense and punishment on the board in room 1204.


SWEARING

We allow a certain amount of vulgarity without any punishment at all.
A player might die and gossip 'fuck' or 'shit' and nothing will come
of it - outbursts such as those are almost expected.

Swearing becomes a problem when it is over a public channel and
repetitive and offensive to other players and / or immortals. A 
public channel is defined as any channel other than TELL, which only
goes between two individuals. 

Swearing on the boards is included in this as well.

First Offense: Warning and posting on imm board
Second Offense: Warning of MUTE and posting on imm board
Third Offense: MUTE of three days
All Subsequent: MUTE until further notice

ABUSE AND / OR HOSTILE TREATEMENT TO OTHER PLAYERS

There can be no battles between two individuals over public channels.
This is not only additional spam for all other noninvolved parties but
gives the MUD a bad 'vibe'. Players razzing each other is one thing,
but when it becomes a serious issue where two players truly do not
care for each other, immortal intervention is required.

There will be times when a player asks an immortal to intervene with
a player(s) they may be having a problem with through private tells.
If this happens, do not respond to the player at first and SNOOP them
to be sure that they are not contributing to the problem. If they are
part of the problem, then warn both players. Never take a player's word
that they are being harassed - nine times of ten, they began something
that they cannot finish themselves.

For all harassment issues -

First Offense: Stern warning in private to both parties - post 1204
Second Offense: Stern warning in private to both parties and
                warning of MUTE - post on 1204
Third Offense: MUTE for 5 days for each player - post on 1204
Subsequent Offenses: MUTE until further notice and post

REIMBURSEMENT POLICY

Usually, an immortal's first response to a player request for a reimb
is disbelief. Keep in mind a player will not usually request one unless
they feel they are somewhat substantiated in a request for one.

First, check the syslog to see if the player did indeed die. This is
done by typing FILE SYSLOG. You can control the number of lines of the
syslog you wish to view (go back) by specifying a number.
i.e., FILE SYSLOG 100 (takes you back 100 lines in the syslog)

A reimbursement is only given if a player dies just before a crash or
if a player dies just before an immortal reboots the game.

'Natural' deaths are the player's own responsibility, it is not for the
immortal to reward a player for reckless playing.

A reimb command will be in soon, until then an immortal may reimb up
to 25 objs in a reimbursement, no gold (a player should use the bank,
that's what its there for).

MULTIPLAY

It can be difficult to find players who are truly abusing the game in
this fashion.

Many times someone who appears to be multiplaying might be playing from
a link at a school or library that shares one ip but has many networked
computers. Other times the link will be the same, but one number off.

We have a MULTIPLAY warning which goes off every time an identical ip
is logged into the game, but before you go nuts on the player, snoop
them for a while and see if they are 1) grouped with the player that
shares the other ip, 2) see if they communicate at all with each other
if they do, then that usually means it is two seperate players, and
3) watch to see if they both use skill commands during a fight. A true
master of mudding could easily fake all this, but it is not likely that
anyone that skilled at mudding would bother.

First Offense: gecho warning that multiplay is only allowed up to 2 
               players and be sure to post on 1204 the player name(s),
               date and ip (make them log off anything over two players)
Second Offense: gecho warning and deletion of lowest level player and
                post on 1204 player name(s), date and ip
Third Offense: deletion of both players, no warning
               post on 1204 player name(s), date and ip

SPELL-UPS / TELEPORTS / ETC

Players will often ask for favors from the immortals. Common requests
are for teleports when lost, free eq, free spells, potions, etc.

Permissable: newbies often need the extra little boost to get through
             their first levels. Players under level 10 can get the
             occasional gift from the gods (bless, armor, sanc)

All else is not permissable.
